[Music]
and
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
k
[Music] [Music] k [Music] [Music
]
T
[Music]
d
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
your
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
tur [Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music]
T Oh
[Music] [
Music]
so so
t What's
going on? Will we last the night or won't we
last the night or won't they
let me do salsa today or
won't
you tatito today It seems like yes, let's see, I
have everything, it comes and goes, I
still have the
[Music]
ticket office, let's see, today I didn't
open, today I didn't open, I don't think I'm
going to open
anymore Where are the spectators because it does
n't come out
Why don't they
come out, why don't they come out  the
viewers let's
see up to here because I think I'm not going to
open the vertical thing anymore,
man, unless it's to
do
live shows that are vertical but not
open them both, but rather do a
live show from the mobile
that
[Music]
makes him do a live show that is to be
done
vertically It's that I think it hurts man
in the end Oh I want to heal man
last night
Oh I needed to invite someone on
telesalseo on telesalseo I invited
Fran who wants to who has given me
a hand so I wouldn't have to talk
so much and here I should have invited
delo today to accompany me Hey where
's the delox Where's the
delox tatito titito a
second to
u How bad is that okay let's see for a
moment let me put the
viewers It's that I think that the vertical thing
man has gone down Yeah I mean yes it's true
that he brought like a lot of new followers
but of course he brings a lot of new followers
and maybe it inflates the visits a lot not
at the end of the month which maybe is like what
a lot of people were doing The only thing is that a
lot of people were doing it but I
really think that  they
harm my normal live streams I'm going to
try for a few days I'm going to try for a few days
doing it without opening the
vertical at all Okay what happened My
chat is gone Let's see that chat that I talked about that I talked about
not that I see it active let's see the
chat that I see it
active has disappeared the chat what do I
touch what do I touch
okay that appears donation
for7 I say my weapon I say Wait
what's wrong with the chat it already
appears it already
appears the chat now
appears Now the chat does appear let's see I
think we're going to do it like this and we'll
stop with the history eh It's a shame the
members bar Well, surely
this is worse tesa
surely the members bar is worse
because in reality there I'm
going to tell you let's see but I deserve it a
little I haven't had this abandoned channel for a few days
1409 members there are and how much
appears in the bar 1619 Well there are 200
less let's update the bar since
we're here in
1409 members
dude I've been a few days without attending to
salsería Let's see, it's that in the end man eh this This
is like this This is like this why is
this like this or do you focus on one
thing to  get
eh be number one okay go go for it you don't have to
go for it all one
okay And I'm for it all one on the
main channel telesalseo and la salsería
are for what they are for me to do these
live shows when I'm not connected to the
main channel upload the excerpts okay
for the newscast Yes okay newscast
will continue to be uploaded almost every day
and telesalseo was created for me to upload
excerpts news videos and so on I mean they
are both secondary channels the
main one is Abi
Oliveira if I focus on la salsería
Or if I focus on TR salseo
then what happened with the
main one happened and it's a shame
then there are days like what happened
now
Okay well it couldn't be attended to and that's it
but anyway come on let's get to it
let's be able to let's update the
bar I said 1400 which is
1406 and now the abandoned channel is let's
see in all honesty in all
honesty the topics have not
accompanied the topics have not
accompanied Javi is marking a
streak of  vases in the main one it's normal
that the other channels have a little bit of
side but let's see it is like that I
mean the reality the reality of this
channel that this channel was Javier canijo
the reality was that the reality was
well the reality in fact was
and it's you Javi who doesn't want to stir up the
hornet's nest Well the thing is that I'm very busy
in one in some videos that I'm going to make on
the main channel about the subject of
Daniel Sancho I'm already explaining it on
the other channel on telesalseo in the
live I'm explaining it I'm
doing something man that's
going to look very
nice Look I'm not going to give a spoiler okay
so you learn about the lady
a kiss Carmen well we'll have to see what
members are in the gentlemen eh Hello
could you tell me about Javi crab's I've
only been following you for a few months
smiley face Abi crab was here
live on one of these
bad multi-accounts that spent all night
creating accounts no and the moderators
were banning him and he was with the account
there calling himself Javier canijo or something like that
sacel and utbh have followed Edgar no  They
sent me that if you send it to me we'll
see it okay today we'll catch up
okay let's go let's be here today a
little bit without rushing FL Thank you very much but
actually I'm busy eh I mean I'm not
ruling out disappearing even
more I'm doing something that's
complicating my life but I'm going to
complicate it and I hope it's worth it
man I'm complicating my life with a
video that I want to make about the Daniel
Sancho case okay
eh obviously This video okay I'm not
going to spoil anything for you obviously they are
folders of the mess Yesterday when I cut and
deleted here I got tangled up with it and it was
67 in the morning okay compiling compiling
compiling let's see I have
a lot of documentation on the case and
a lot of screenshots and a lot of things about the
case that even some of them surely
haven't come out and are a surprise in this
video but obviously I already told you
the other time I don't have a video on the
main channel about the Sancho case
in conditions okay
and the only thing I have are the ones that have been
made this me the ones that have been made this
m about the Daniel case
[Music]
Sancho  those that have been made this month
about the Daniel Sancho case Well we
have the series of live shows that are
working, I think obviously
outrageously well, thanks thanks to
all of you who are becoming members
okay
but apart from the series of
live shows I want to
have
videos here yesterday I made one that I
thought was going to be more successful But oh
well There it is I
think tomorrow I'll play the
William Levy subject again this video
is working
well I sent Fran a message but he has
n't seen it yet okay maybe we'll
do something I'll let you know okay I'm really
looking forward to the video elor
no it's not on the way cool but when
the day comes don't worry it's it's it's
in process it's right now
more or less it's right now like this
listen to me this video of Fran man I
mean this is an extract of the live show that
I liked so much that I asked imb to
edit it with quality and it has
almost 400,000 views eh the
fofo video too man I didn't expect it to
work so much then with the
quality that we're presenting right now
on the main channel
Eh I want to make a video about the
Daniel
Sancho case but of course eh There are many videos
on telesalseo about the Daniel
Sancho case last year last year not in
the in the other stage of the Daniel
Sancho case when everything broke out My mistake was
not having made any videos there on the
main channel and take that case that
topic take it to telesalseo well in
ror between At that moment it came out like that I didn't
expect it either that it was going to have
so much expectation and the live shows with FR
even with 20 30,000 viewers I
did them there with trium every day 15
15,000 viewers or in other words it says te Sas a
trilogy well it's that it's going to be a
video of hours eh tesa I don't know what to
do but of
course after all the videos there
are about the case if I make a video on
the main channel about the case that
video has to be the ví okay that video
has to be the video What does that mean well
apart from the fact that the
editing quality has to be out of the ordinary
Gerardo Thank you very much I have  that I
present woven information that is not yet I
mean that is not so
woven yet so presented no
documentation messages
screenshots a lot of things that I have
yet Well we haven't released the
live shows okay So
that video probably like the
Game over of Rosito well different I'm
going to explain why Because the Game
over Rosito in the end did take a lot of
work but they were
videos the Game Rito were videos that
were already made and in the end it was stringing together
slabs and downloading everything I string together by topic
that was being discussed and such And it was very
nice okay but but in this case this
is a video that I'm going to record from scratch it will
surely be a three or four
hour video of Bruto okay I mean it's going to be [ __ ]
crazy because I'm going to present
absolutely
everything everything everything perfect the relationship they
had how they met what money
Edwin gave Daniel but with evidence I mean
not
speculation but what has been proven I've
proven it well okay And then about the case
Well here you are seeing a little bit not
this little spoiler which are the dates
and times I mean I'm
going to put you the the the the case as it
happened  with cameras with a ticket with
evidence with everything valid, so it's going to be the
video So first I'm
collecting a lot, uh, reviewing a lot of
documentation, okay, then I'll have to
spin it
and then also review it in a
video call with Trium so we can
go over everything because he has a lot of
documentation, a lot of contact with
Edwin's family as well, and to
add everything that he sees that's missing, uh,
the video, the video So where am I
going to tell you by telling you this? Well, I'm not
ruling out that I don't know what day it will
depend on, it will depend on the topics,
obviously, it will depend on the
topics, if I tell you the
truth. Today I was almost inclined to
work on the video for this while rather than go live
here, but I went
live because I say, man, the salsería has been
uh has been live in good conditions for many days,
let's dedicate today, uh, let's
dedicate a good live broadcast to it today,
with everything that's pending, we'll catch up
today and tomorrow we'll
see, tomorrow we'll see, okay, but I'm
going to try to make sure that the newscasts don't
miss every day because this channel
is the newscast  of youtubers Okay
then mm I'll tell you that if I'm
focused on the main channel and the
results are what they
are at least until I get the
itch what's up tesa if I have it I have it I have it I have it I have it
original you'll see you'll see you'll see you'll see you'll see tesa I have it I have it
all
original So these Directs are going to
be like like like in reality it had to
be and for what this channel was created
something like writing Javi after
6 years watching you Greetings from Alcalá
de hdaa I saw you once in the
oromana park and I was embarrassed to greet you a
kiss you are wonderful and wonderful and the oromana park
What is the oromana park
I don't know which one it is Thank you very much for the
super chat I don't know what the oromana park is I do
n't know what the oromana park is
could you work on setting up the mini
man well it's not my priority it's not my
priority no it never has been no never
been eh
luare Okay I'll tell you later Okay luare I've already
told you no let's
see This then you don't see
luare I saw that like many came out
news from her of statements from
her not to what extent it worked it
worked and maybe tomorrow instead of the one
we have pending maybe that one wouldn't
be bad listen to me this doesn't look
good you see I'm going to fix the
viewers thing And we start with the first
topic I'm going to react to a video in
outer
play it looks bad I do
n't know how I squared it
how I
squared it Well I don't know how I
square it I'm telling you the truth is I don't know
how to square it
I'm missing something here but I don't know what it is that it's
out of square I don't know
why the truth Well let's leave it there let's
see how it's going to see how it
behaves
well let's see in the last few hours
something happened let's see if the chest Allow me to
tell it but in the last few hours
something happened that caught my attention
and I'm going to watch it in the nauter video
because I had really asked I
had asked luare about this
gossip but rebor is in
charge of removing the clip from
absolutely all
parts okay it turns out that there is a clip
in which rebor explodes rebor
slams the table and makes a threat
I don't  touch my dick you're going to [ __ ] me up No
wonder after all the latest controversy
with gata Juan guarnizo and ar Gameplays
rebor makes a threat alluding
to the fact that he knows something well rebón surely
knows something that I know and I've
never wanted to say it
because the way
well there are things it's that I don't know what
rebor is referring to maybe he's referring to
other things and that's it Okay But as for
gre, there's no need for rebor to come and
tell it Sorry creiban Thank you very much
for your message but rebor doesn't have to
come and tell me that right now there's more
things there's more things Okay then I don't know
if it will be I don't know if it will be the same things
that I sense that I think I know okay
But well apparently he got heated
and then he got scared and he's giving
so much A step back I imagine so
that Ari and Juan don't see this no and
the fight won't happen anymore no eh And he's
trying Look it has a million
views
the clear one has a million views
because surely there will be people not because
the tweet itself is viral but because
There will be people who you know that
on Twitter I can publish repost
a no retweet but I can repost a
video from another account no and here below it
appears Inc no And then if you
notice the video has 1,100,000 views and I've
seen that he has thrown the clip to
everyone who on Twitter had the click I don't
know if they all came from
incai okay But well I have seen that
nauter has come out as soon as it has
opened directly it has come out on the screen
that nauter has uploaded a video about this
topic rebor threatens the worst miseries
of Ari Gameplay and Juan guarnizo
everyone knows everyone well not everyone everyone everyone does
n't know the
same everyone doesn't know the same
but there are things still out there that
can be very definitive
there are things that are cloth at least
sailor cloth and then how people take it
or not I don't know because here we have
seen everything goes but there are things that
are very definitive
and one day someone will explode eh
remember one thing remember  one
thing remember It just came to me you
know who also said something
similar I don't know what rebón said
because I read it here okay Don't
touch my dick you're going to defame me but I'm
not right and it alludes to the fact that he knows Cos do you
remember who did something similar
recently Agustín you put it in the
chat Agustín 51 too and I'm telling you there are
okay not everyone knows it eh
because if everyone knew it would have already
come out but
there apparently there is some substance out there that
this can still give something to let's see let's see let's see let's
see I'm just that
AR Juan thing are things that I don't understand
sometimes but anyway
very good my people how are you
maximum alert reborn is totally unleashed
What's happening that I know how to roleplay and you No what's
happening that the regulations say I don't you What's happening
that Spain is mine and daxer and you're not What's happening that
I'm an administrator and you're not What's happening that
there is an
administration team and you're not Let's see it's that I don't
even know what it's born from no and I'm telling you what it
comes from now all of a sudden  throw that
threat at these people but these
people have also gone very to touch the
[ __ ] uncle Juan and Ari man I mean
why don't you dedicate yourself to creating content not
messing with others and and not go with that
malice Knowing also that they can
throw things in your face why Juan went
to attack the girlfriend but the fact is that he went to
attack the girlfriend without being right kivan
and on top of that okay knowing it because
publicly it had not been confirmed
until the video of gemita was leaked
but Juan and Ari did know that rebor
had that girlfriend Juan and yes they
knew yes they knew Okay and Juan went to
tell him to speak very badly to the
girl and the girl on top of that
spoke to him politely and said Hey look
what I said was this I didn't
have this intention but I still
apologize and right now I apologize
publicly too and on top of that Juan
tells him [ __ ] you [ __ ] you how old are you
what are you up to
man then there's Dallas a video
drawing things with your girlfriend and you don't tell him
nm why are you talking to him like that  the boy's girlfriend
but apart from what the
hell what the hell are they accusing the
girl of
twisting things they are not getting involved they
are making fun of my
sister's death they haven't made fun of
anyone's death they made fun of how unfortunate
your girlfriend's post was and it was
your wife's and it was your mother came out later
to justify it And you because in the end she is a
woman and obviously you don't want to no You're not going to
come out publicly and say
[ __ ] but come on I would be
really surprised if the family in private
hasn't said my daughter you could have saved the tweet
and nobody made fun of Nobody
who is going to make fun of the death of
someone's brother And on top of that so young I
mean no longer you no longer it's not normal you have to
be sick to have anything to
do with it but thanks to you guys I started
listening to David Bisbal and now I'm going to
go to the concert in May here in Mexico
kiss churra I'm going in June it would be a
great exclusive Javi Why don't you give it uu
because I have
principles the only one who  he mocked Ari
the comment was
unfortunate the comment was
unfortunate
what are you
telling me what are you
telling me there messing around trying to get her
kicked off the server I don't know if
they were trying to get her
penalized on the
server or put Juan
in the commitment so that later when he didn't kick her out put it on him put the commitment on Reborn so that later when Reborn didn't fire her because she's his girlfriend put the commitment on him you know go figure the thought in June I'm going to see it endorsement in June I don't know if it's June or July I think it's
June and Reborn's girlfriend was completely
right it was a joke completely right
you are a
viewer you are a Friday and you have to shut your
[ __ ] mouth and enjoy the things
that people offer you and that's it is
clear to you either interact positively
or guillotine for you by the way my people have
already started Marbella and guess who isn't
going to be crazy a crazy person who has
spit a lot of acid in the type of
public that this type of
servers generates I don't care  I
simply say what people think
because I don't know people have a
hard time telling the truth I think that
most of the rplay streamers
know this most of them
say it in fact everyone who stim
roleplay is aware that the
roleplay audience is probably the worst thing on the
internet and that it is an audience that doesn't understand anything,
that doesn't understand anything,
that is super passionate, super stupid and
super idiot I think that the vast
majority know it another thing is that they
say it but I think they know it So
I don't want to participate there because I don't
want to know anything so I wish the
best to everyone who is in marvella
marvella is going to be a [ __ ]
great series for sure and I hope they have a
great time there I simply am not going to
participate but I repeat not for
Marbella or for the people who participate
in Marbella I am not going to participate in
Marbella first because it makes me very
uncomfortable having to interact with
so many people that I don't know makes me
very uncomfortable you already know I have a
little bit of social anxiety and I
am not comfortable and point number two because I
hate  I hate the roleplay audience
with all my soul I would vomit in their mouths in
the mouths of every one of those [ __ ] shitty kids
and I don't want to know anything about
them really. I mean, forget it, I don't want
anything, therefore, these are two things that
make me not participate in the roleplay series,
not because I don't like them but
because they are [ __ ] great but because I don't even
like the audience and also I have a
lot of social networks so I'm not interested, there
is nothing that benefits me from being there, yes, I'm
going to have 20,000 viewers or 30,000. But so
what, and what do you think I need to
have 30,000 vbs or have 15,000 instead of 8,000
subs while being 250 hours
spoiler no, I don't need it, I'm already doing
very well doing what I feel like doing, I do
n't have the need to do
that, so whoever wants to do it,
enjoy it, and whoever doesn't, today
is the hidden controversy that
reborn is talking about is about the non-payments at
Ar and Juan's agency called Randy latam. Also  that
for that and more shady things
Mariana and
Rivers left I have no [ __ ] idea but come on there are
many things there are many things so well do
n't do it like me and that's it let
everyone enjoy what they like
logical and understandable the position I add
so much time roleplaying CTI wears
anyone out you do your thing choquita and with
will be will appear in Marbella
Marbella issue I don't know when I will enter I don't know if I will
enter I have no idea the truth is I have no
idea So I can't confirm
absolutely anything the doubt remains there in
the air at the moment too busy
with your server in which
apparently the good vibes are over
and I have sinned
a lot of understanding and let's
say of being too permissive this is
over trying to delegate certain things
of the police etcc the police become
part of absolute control on my part whoever does
n't like it can leave Okay
now I'm not going to be professional anymore it's over it's over I'm
not going to be
professional
I was always respectful I was always
professional and I truly believe that
we will finally be able to develop Spin rp as it
really should I have been prevented from
doing so until now from now on I will
not  You're not going to
write anymore it's over You're not going to write
anything and that's it, simple, you don't see
cuartara anymore, I've said or mentioned it before
that you don't like what you see, shut up ple
I'm a streamer I know what I have to do
you won't have your criteria Yes I
know her, about the criteria you have your criteria
and your [ __ ] okay perfect, I'm
wonderful, we don't care, we don't pay attention to her, she
's not the [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] your criteria r is not the
[ __ ] I'm Mariana's friend, I'm a streamer with an
average of 2k I can't say who I am
but there's also Marron in Randy
latam that they threatened Luis
yel for the whole Elite Play role,
greetings guys, see you in GTA let's see, it
's a
move, let's see if I can live
okay let's see, I don't like those things
okay, it seems very cowardly to launch
some bits with an identity Cat vipi to
release that information without balls if you
want to tell it well and you have evidence that
can back up that information,
send it to me and I'll do an interview
okay But to me,
like that, cowardly, I mean, it could
be my cousin, it could  be my cousin that
to create a clip on Twitter
Okay, well, he made that up
Sure Look, people are laughing at
you, people are laughing Yes, yes, I am
by, I am Auron Play guys, how will you
understand? Well, no, I had
other things in mind, but other things about
personal matters, okay, if it were a topic
like that, about work matters, about things of I don't
know what, well, the truth is that I think you would have already been
great. But well, if that
information that you're telling me has some
kind of veracity and you can prove it to me,
the king is the sun Bisbal is a fan, does he feel like
face winking, I have a video, I have
a video of Luis Miguel, do you want it?
Vera, I have it here to put it on
Twitter, but if you want, I'll put it for you. I'll
come here on Twitter too. I've been on Twitter for
two or three days with
delayed tweets, also from the clicks that I
put and so on. Oh, I'm very busy, I'm
very busy I'll
make it
cool, I'll make it cool, eh
Enjoy it, this deserves 500 members, eh
At least look
[Applause]
Come on, my
king  Come on there, eh, how is
the guy still eh, from not paying the rent,
of course, let's see, but well, life, life
has punished her, really, life has
punished her, really, but well, [ __ ] hair, the
truth is That's right, I can't tell you any
clearer, my opinion the owner wants
Ask joxi and luisardo, they know
what I'm talking about Ask luisardo
specifically about the gift they're going to
give him for his birthday Goodbye guys,
see you in GTA
roleplay Tell me what you mean
by the gift, they're going to give him a gift
but in a format what
is that, of course, this type of things The
truth is, I'm not going to ask
luisardo or hochi and I talk to hoochi
eh lately But what I can
tell you is that it seems very cowardly to do
things like this, man, if you want to tell something,
come and
tell it, come and tell it, are you in
agreement,
family? Let's see, wait, I want to put
this the same as whether
you agree or not,
family. Oh, okay, it has stuck
here, I mean, I want it to stick, I
want it to  paste in the same place
[ __ ] the Super chats come out late
okay you have to have balls to give
evidence let's see of course you
tell me that you are a streamer of 2000
viewers who knows a lot and that but
ask luisardo man because it
seems to me on the one hand please the king is
the sun not Bisbal
Hahaha If you say so
leonia With all due respect
okay Therefore you can do whatever you want
too but be careful
with so much intransigence friend
Apparently due to the speech he has he does not allow room
for suggestions or
constructive criticism this guy forgets that he lives off the
public that you tell me comments that are
only toxic Well look I'll
buy it I know it that's why look to see
account created on January 6, 2021
following you are a hater of mine or you
are not Ah let me guess you are the
typical old manager who believed she could
control my content, right I
thought I could know better than anyone
how it works here in the Twitch world
Let me tell you that you don't have that is
the
first thing the
second you are This [ __ ]  and I don't care about your
[ __ ] life let's hope that in the future you don't have to
bow your head to
part of that audience that you're
despising granny
disappointed by the support some streamer out
there Go see fake ones
okay Go see some fake ones Go go out
there if the truth bothers you if
honesty bothers you if someone is
real It's okay You have a great
variety of [ __ ] that only seek to make
money at the expense of having you like a
[ __ ] herd I congratulate you You defined yourself with
99% of your colleagues dear you you no
you are special talking about the
cancellation due to the cat issue he said the
following I am aware that the
funa that has been made against me is the most
Absurd regrettable and pathetic that has ever
been out of tune man went too far Of
course that's why he wants to delete the
clicks but man How bad it looks deleting
the clicks how bad the truth looks
trisan effects not in a very long time you
had me in for pathetic and absurd in
fact he said that he didn't read anything that was
put on him that's why the paddadito that raised you
many of you will wonder why you have
put the account that they gave you
today there is no reason there is no
reason
none none none there is no
reason really Well yes Beyond of
wishing me death as always not
wishing me death fat man I don't know what
How many anyway the typical typical
human failure no But well all that for me
is history So what they
put on you doesn't matter to you you don't care
what we agree on and now my people let's go
again with the subject mar bella marella I do
n't know when I will enter I don't know if I will enter I have no
idea the truth is I have no idea
So I can't confirm absolutely
anything reb when they asked him recently
cont the following people who have
asked me if I was going to enter Marbella
Jai ​​has spoken to me he told me yes Go
to the disk you are not I am
vin
man it's that
the anonymous who donates could be
a troll or a very cowardly youtuber who
doesn't dare to say it with his face and I don't
know why Because they also have things
about you to get out or rather what is the reason
for not saying it with your face damn turn up
Tell me  or write to me and we take a
video for the main thing well with all
the captures that I have and all the data
that I have if it is you will see but of course it
can be a troll it can be
okay the problem is that if I enter
Marbella which I
still have to think about more than one if I see it in front
if I have it in person I applaud his
[ __ ] face no what happens what happens is that
I'm fed up with people
believing everything is allowed with me I am good
patient and everything you want but there
comes a time when I get tired
and that degree where We have reached a
point where my patience has
run out I applaud his face he says as
if we were not talking about pixels you
see it like with the food
later Juan Guarnizo revealed that
this was for him obviously I think
that right now it is very funny I do not make the
guy probably hate me something that I
found very embarrassing was a clip of him
saying I do not know if Marbella enters Because
if I enter maybe I start
slapping brother what is he going to do he is going to
slap me with the Pixel of with the
character is going to leave me with a
rock face I'm going to have to go no no he did
n't say that let's see he didn't say
about hitting you inside the video game you don't
know if he said that if he finds you
somewhere in person he'll hit you which I
find incredible
come on if I see him in front of me if I have him
in person I applaud his [ __ ] face if I
have him in person I applaud his [ __ ] face I mean
what he's saying is that if he
met this guy in person he'd
give him a
hot slap no what's happening what's happening is that I'm
sick of people
believing everything is allowed with me I'm good
patient and whatever you want but there
comes a time when I get tired
and that degree where We've reached a
point where my patience has
run out I applaud his face he says as
if we weren't talking about pixels you
see him like with he ate it
later Juan Guarnizo revealed that
this was obviously about him I think it's
really funny right now I don't do it the
guy probably hates me something that I
found very pathetic was a clip of him
saying I don't know if Marbella is included because the
best thing is that to me everything
that includes violence there seems pathetic because I
mean if you don't like someone Well tell them
a few things eh or don't get close
Just no but having to resort to
hitting you that doesn't give you the reason or take it
away from you that's a little not pathetic
no slaps bro what's he going to do he's
going to slap me with the Pixel of Congo and
the character is going to leave me the character
with a rock face I'm going to have to go to the
hairdresser and give him test number
eight so that he has a mark here
very XD and I know he was saying it for me because it
was a few days after the
conversation I had with his wife
Okay, so pay attention my people since
apparently we have Because you knew that she
was his
girlfriend okay they noticed the evil of Juan
Guarnizo there
eh they noticed the evil of Juan Guarnizo
there he has kept quiet he has kept
quiet about
this what he said gata he has kept quiet
to get it out when it was known that he was
boyfriend and then he hasn't cared to bring up
the conversations and bring it all out as
if in the conversations  it will be
good update of this pique everything
indicates everything points to that This is about Ar
and Juan another
warning taking all this into account don't
touch my
balls the one who has been the most silent in
4 years is the one who knows a lot of things don't
touch my
dick that's the only thing I'm going to
say that's the only thing I'm going to say well
nothing quiet Juan guarnizo quiet
as he shut up when he said this eh
Agustín Well that was Agustín he said it
to Ari quietly Juan guiso now
quiet because it's that
really mother of God don't touch my
[ __ ]
dick mother of di better I can't say it
any clearer impossible we can guarantee
100% that this is about it no but
how nice this is going to look in the title
I don't like this style one bit
indirect here indirect there in
fact our style grandfather In fact if we
take you and from the past something tells me
that it is a little a little bit exposed
Why is there so much toxicity between
streamers eh toxicity in what sense
toxicity between streamers Well because they don't
know how to keep their mouths shut
basically keep your mouths shut and  point
they're throwing hints at you Look, I've always
said that to throw hints it's better
not to talk okay Don't talk if you're going to throw
indirect ind as if you were 15 years old
you shut your mouth shut up shut your
[ __ ] mouth okay If I spoke no Shut your
mouth or you speak or you [ __ ] shut up That's it, there's
no need
here if I spoke and if I spoke what
everyone is a streamer everyone
can talk everyone has something
to say listen to me No yes really
true if you have nothing to say fall
fall because you remain Like a clown you
come across like a puppet and you generate
toxicity with your with your community that he's
going to go and defend you tooth and
nail he's going to be there Oh yeah my pupi I don't
know what I don't know how much I give you a name good
sasa good sasca well brought no no but it's just like let's
see he threw a warning
eh he threw a warning I don't know
who of the two here Well of course this is already
a pulse that they have had in public
Okay
so recently we saw in the gentlemen
along the lines eh there were two very
brave ones and in the end one said to the
other How are you doing how do you continue taking into
account that Auron said that this man
was a piece of [ __ ] I wouldn't be
surprised if he said something
about Juan Yari he said that Auron was [ __ ] Ah that Auron said that this man was a piece of [ __ ] it's not that he's different It's that they don't have it that's not the way it goes let's see here the move is very next in Teleso we saw it recently it also
happened there were two of these characters that we
talked about that were
fighting But let's say I thought
that neither of the two was going to have an end, it
was going to have a limit until one of
them the most cic Case said to the other
listen to me HM if they get I don't know what about me
or however they tell me I don't know what it's
worth I'll tell you this thing of
yours she also insinuated what she was going to tell
that we all understood
perfectly the other one did it or rather the other one
who was going to take 8000 videos of me every
day taking even the sandwich that I
stole from a classmate in class  in
third grade Well you don't
shut me up Francisco Javier it didn't
fall completely for me it's not that she has even stopped
gossiping she stopped after having
told a thousand times to many people that she wasn't
good for other types of content that
she had to dedicate herself to this type of
content between YouTube I don't know what she
stopped she is with literally 11
viewers they sent me the capture
because we are collecting for one
thing and she stopped the topic she has 11 viewers
with such Why Because she knows what the
other one is going to tell let's say that the
other one the other one has insinuated her no the other one who hasn't caught the other one's insinuation and of course she
leaves them in a very bad
situation not only her but also
those who are around her
jnda went to town no no she has stopped gossiping I
mean pay attention to the level and I have seen it on several occasions eh pay attention to the level no ...  is
waiting and not only that she is
waiting for you It is not only that she
is waiting for you It is that the other one from time to time
remembers eh you that I continue
waiting for you
and has even left that type of content the
only type of content with which I
was having a little
brutal visit are lords of the lordships
I put the same example here or rather eh
here we have two
options Lady one a
[ __ ] but a very big Lady a [ __ ] but a very big come on
the other said it but come on she forgot to say the address she forgot to say it the
other said it but come on it is impossible to be clearer now now now I am going to be to blame for that too now it was only me who was missing that I am responsible
not for what I say but for what the others say listen to me, let
it be known to Christ, let's go ...
history but the La Movida that here here there are
two moves worth Here is on the one
hand Juan Guarnizo super thrown to
adante with rebor that he has had the
malice Knowing Juan that he who was the
girlfriend is worth going to touch her the la go to
touch himself to touch the nose of the girlfriend
speaking to her
badly telling her that the girlfriend
was making fun of the death of her
sister when it is not like that he was making
fun of and mocking something that
Ari said and an act of Ari who had
every right to laugh at that act
because it was unfortunate he went to Rebor
to cry to see if Rebor was planning it or
taking reprisals and he has saved it
for when it comes out because he
knows that it will come out at some point They are
a couple they are two youtuber streamer he knows this is like what happened with Carola and Arjit it is known that at some point when two streamers are going to go out Lu will come out who are a couple and he has saved it to put him in a bad place and make him
look like Oh look it's this  this one
gets B this one gets a punishment And
this one doesn't get it
man Juan Well now two things are going to happen
Juan pulls forward and
tells him and puts himself in the same plan as that
live that we saw with the
sunglasses okay come on get it from me if you have
balls come on what do you want pin pam pam pam
or that [ __ ] [ __ ] himself Well of course here
something has happened now it's not that [ __ ] [ __ ] himself he
won't even say it from
now on but he has gotten heated by saying that
and he is throwing away the clicks that say
that as if trying to avoid it reaching
Juan and Ari and Juan and Ari have
surely seen it they have seen it here in
this video or or they are going to see it now in my
live Juan is going to stay quiet
Well I don't
know
probably but they are both going to stay
quiet because now people are going to be
complaining to Juan Look what this guy
told you this guy said that he
knows things about you are going to shut up Or they are going
to go there to tell him come on what are you
talking about you have said you are saying
here in this clip And what is it  what are they going to
do? Well, try to turn the topic
off and the bastard is trying to
knock down the clicks so that the topic
gets heated and the topic doesn't
exist. Last name period. I'll give you my first and
last name but don't be a loudmouth I mean, don't
be a loudmouth, say things, he lacks
balls. Of course he lacks balls
why do you think they are indirect, they
lack balls of course just like
if one day a streamer comes for me,
Hiroshima is coming. I'm telling you now,
a streamer is coming for me and it's
Hiroshima. I am me, I am cold war. I do
n't say anything but at the slightest this. This is
good, I'm not like that, I'm not here. Oh
well, yes, I speak, no, I don't say anything, I go
to my thing, I go to my thing, I
never speak ill of anyone, never ever,
[ __ ] what a mess. This is at the level
of the Dallas Prime of the past, let's
recap, okay because this is caviar, he's on his
chin, his guard down, the one who
has kept quiet the most in 4 years is someone who
knows a lot of things, don't touch my
dick, yeah  I would talk no Shut your mouth either you
speak or you shut up and it's the
very same No but if with Auron he remained
silent Himo when Auron told him this
guy we have to keep him far away liver more than
one if I see him in front if I have him in
person I applaud his [ __ ] face if you're going to
throw innuendos girls as if you were
15 years old you drop your mouth you keep quiet the
names and surnames apparently they
stayed in Narnia I put first name last period I
give you first and last name but don't
be a big mouth I mean don't be a big mouth say
things And then how do we define you as
little balls they lack balls Of course they
lack balls why do you think they are indirect they lack balls of
course loudmouth clown puppet
Tell me you stay like a
clown you come across like a puppet don't
tell me it wasn't magic you think it's
in a movie I'm not in a
movie what happens is that you lack
context you're missing many things you don't
have a [ __ ] idea
I'm part of  of the world I am a thousand
times better than you what the [ __ ] is going on in the
world okay whatever the cake my
people let's add a little more
Lore to this matter Short-fuse clone
do your thing taking advantage of the controversy
sing I put this tweet to do a
little bit of dude
some strange copyrights have jumped on me
some super strange copyrights have jumped on me
in the
live in which in recent days she has been
putting the showcase on Rosario
after 11 years of continued harassment
on television
no Well in the end what sue well in the end
what happens is that when they are
aware in publa and in mediaset of
these circumstances that we are
knowing about the one that in recent days I
swear to you that I can't
believe it well it's
not that I swear to you that I can't believe it
that I can't believe it I really
tell you yes
yes the copy has jumped on me in the
live telesalseo
because of what is on the TV in the
background
How the
[ __ ] dude it's not a
joke of course I'm looking at the
timestamps and I say and what have we put if the
live is me talking to
Francisco no no and  is that if you see the
title it's the crazy bird
But how the
hell did it happen to avisa rap
Yeah, I mean but how the
hell is nobody going to hate that of
course and now what do I
do to make fun of it and promote myself? A streamer
who lives in Mexico, a country that can't stand
selling, is right now live
doing Just chatting all day and
attaches a link to his channel And then
here comes a fan of grandpa and tells me
the
following, it seems to me
this just left me dead eh I
mean he just left this there's something
else from
reb this just left me
speechless I mean it just left
this speechless but how is Javi going to jump it's not
even clear
Sure but apart from the fact that it's there that
but how did he
even detect it of course it wouldn't be editing the
part it would be cutting
see you either it wouldn't take me
much
eh it wouldn't take much because it would be
cutting 1 two 3 4 4 5 minutes in
total I'm going to take less time cutting that I'm
going to cut less cutting look
here it's for example
less than a minute one of them another one
minute another 30 seconds or so in the
end they are 4 or 5 minutes  I'm going to send them to
cut them with the editor, that's it, but
man it pisses me off. I hope it doesn't catch anything
important, but come on, man, I mean, how the
hell did it detect that, man? I
was shocked, eh, can you
put something on top of it? But if what I
put there in the background are YouTube videos,
but if I have it on, it's always
been only here, it's only
Now there are some specific chapters
that it will have, but how the [ __ ] did it
detect it, but man, if there are
Disney videos and everything,
but apart from that, it doesn't make any
sense, I mean, look at what the little
screen is and how it looks. I mean, it
's not just the little screen here that's
like in the background, but there's no
audio. Artificial intelligence
image capture, no, no. Of course, that's it, that's it, that's it, it's
automatic, of course, it's
automatic, but look at you, the the it
has detected it, man, it has, I mean, the
screen is a little bit because it's not
straight, no, you're seeing it, a
little bit
tilted, you're freaking out,
eh,
Nothing, it's already there, I remove it and it gives me ig, let's
see. I hope it doesn't take it. I hope it doesn't
take it and cut it. Nothing important, but damn, it
left me freaking out.
Eh it has left me freaking out that it detected that
uncle
bizarre it was by voice Sponge
Yeah let's see that surely by appealing
appealing I will recover it but of course there
are
four so that they act stupid you know and they do
n't want to accept the appeal and I have to
walk around with a strike between
gossip why if it is 4 minutes man
if I made myself eliminate directly I
would appeal it but it can complicate my
life because there are four on top Now
when they reject you you know
surely
appealing Game Over
crazy bird Well yes the truth is that it has
bothered me a little but
well let's get to it let's get to it if I have to
look for something to put there in the
background but it goes to the point that I put YouTube there and
I put whatever But well it has been the
only time that it has happened let's wait
because maybe it will
never happen again if it becomes something very
common if it becomes something
anyway the copyright that I had
skipped it let's go the one that has
right now only affects me in the
monetization okay because it only
appears blocked in the United States and
the television audience to the SEO no  It's from the United
States okay But what am I
telling you I mean what am I telling you if it
becomes a regular Alo I'll try to
put [ __ ] it's that I liked the thing
of putting old cartoons the
truth is it's very strange that they have the
drawings registered on YouTube eh At that
level at that level but look
man but look eh And what do I put man I mean well we have to
put something else that isn't
this that aren't known drawings well what a pain well what a pain
the
truth is what I do here is put
YouTube and [ __ ] the luni trust you who
is putting the lunis you haven't
skipped anything but well we will put
images from Japan for example what I know
the truth is that I liked to put
old cartoons like those that I
like So classic Well let's
see what Juan said that apparently he
came out to defend Cry cay song
cay I'm
sorry about c releasing music
now what the [ __ ] what is man be With
all due respect to Cry that I get along
with him okay but about Cry releasing
music now What
is it why Because
in  the moment they get
repercussion releasing
songs I don't understand It seems to me like
when the contestants of Big Brother
and such started to
release video clips I
mean what happens with the
Universal cartoons it happened to Bizarr with the
Sponge voice but look at me uh that to
me too ah you know what I could have
done but it happens that it is very
entertaining luare
but another option to not have to
cut anything would have been blur rear maybe
the little square of the
TV blur rear with the YouTube editor
the little square of the TV in those four
points but my goodness it is a lot of galeo that is
not [ __ ] well well look at you well look at
you Well it can't be done in one V you
see the minutes you see the minutes and you
put the bl But well
the cuts are already processing that made Biza rap
of course with that we would
remove it do you want me to release a
song or what but then I don't know
I don't know maybe he knows how to sing But I
imagine that this will be the typical thing done
with autotunes of these things  there aren't
many tiktokers now who are suddenly
becoming singers because they take
advantage of the numbers they have to
release songs and I don't understand it, it's
like Ricky edy Agustín 51, it's like, well, well, let's
see, you're not
hurting anyone either, it's okay, but I
don't know, it doesn't seem like what happened with Big
Brother when they left Big Brother and they
started recording a video clip, man,
eh, there was a
video clip What's this girl's name? Laura
Campos Yes, yes, this girl
but but What was the video clip? Video
clip released a video clip but I don't
remember anymore, for example, I liked this one, eh I do
n't know if it's going to be copyrighted,
but I liked this one, I'm not posting it because I don't
know if it's copyrighted, I don't know if it's
copyrighted, hosa has 12 million
views, eh, I liked this one, I liked this one,
but it's that this girl sang well You
know, it seems to me that echa, it
seems to me that this one made a video clip
too or was it this one, I don't
remember maybe it was this one who made
the video clip, feed the ship between him and
Jerry, I feel
[Music]
like, I couldn't, no way  it sounds awesome let's
also see the trick of singing in a whisper to make it
sound nice that's how ratio was recorded
when when I started singing rodeli
and Jaime at the time told me Do it like that as
if you were
lazy take ratio then like
everything sounds awesome like that but it's good I mean it
sounds good what's weird is
obviously knowing that this is our
cay you know that's what's curious
because I didn't know that cay had a
musical dream but well no he has
never mentioned it we've never seen him
with a guitar Like for example
not me and I even drink it I
can't sing to you now because I
'm
with Claro if I suddenly bring out
a song then obviously you
expect it because you know that I'm a
musical genius it doesn't sound bad you can tell it's
well produced and well he doesn't have a bad voice
No it's not a voice that
screams at you like some people
suddenly and screws up the audio it doesn't
sound bad definitely I think that the
reaction of you all as a
Twitch community and more a community that has
shared moments with Cry because I have
shared a lot  good times with Cry
live I think that the reaction
that you guys generate is the shock
of how Cry has changed publicly
from what he was like on his social networks
before to what he is now from what Cay
did before to what he does now I think that is
what you guys generate
So to speak like an immediate rejection chip
and let's see even for
anyone who knows him a little it
can also produce this but it doesn't
sound strange it doesn't sound strange
to me for example there is a girl
and
Marluca I met her because of some
gossip with him with Ninda Rechi who was
his ex no And this girl comes from
TikTok she is singing songs that I
imagine that the roll will be the same no I
mean they are songs that maybe
I don't know if I don't know if she composed them or they would have them made
no And they sing them and arrange them they
retouch them and so on and she's even
doing concerts you know but they are
songs that sound better some Okay
and in fact I even have them in the car
okay
HM I haven't
heard this one for example yes I have it
in the car this one with Kenia I have it
in the car
for example and you listen to them they are songs that well you listen to them you know eh they are there they sound good you know you don't know about you don't know what but this For example I wouldn't put it in the car I would put the Comanche song before this I I what I truly hope and I say this
truly with all my heart and from my heart
is that he is truly happy
with this that everything he's been
doing lately that each
participation collaboration that he's
doing or in each project that he's getting involved in is
making him happy and that he's not
basically being guided by
someone to do things that he doesn't
feel comfortable with that's the only thing that I
hope I mean to me yes it may seem
strange these new facets of him but
truly I what I do hope is that
he is truly happy with all of
this and that they are things that excite him
that make him feel fulfilled
happy that he's fulfilling his dreams
because I think that's what's important
now if he is being forced in a
certain way to do this if the
people who are taking him
recommending him put him in these projects
and he doesn't feel comfortable that's
when I think there is  a problem
because it's not worth it but I don't know I mean I don't
know the answer to that you
know then truly with all my heart
I hope that he's being very happy
with this and that it's really making him
feel good because on an
economic level and in terms of impact we know
that it's working but if you're not
calm if you're not happy and proud
of everything that you do It's never going to be
worth it
on an economic level We've talked about it
many times he's lined it up in a
beastly way I mean But beastly it's worth it I
think he's got his life
sorted I don't know what I'm telling you I don't know what
Juan wo is really thinking
because I think he's making it up a
little bit I think that really Juan maybe is
n't liking this that much he's
got a Squidward thing I mean They could put me on
live if I show the carce dines
Ah you can't see each other don't
listen to me I don't know what to tell you the
truth is that well everyone does what they
want it's not hurting
[Music]
nobody It's that you know what's happening
the girl that we saw the other time comes to mind what was her
name I think on
Instagram  I
put it in one of these Instagram news stories, I
think I put it s the girl is
doing the concert do you remember
that everyone laughed at her at that
concert which is like of course one thing is
what they prepare for you and what you do let's see
if I can find it
Look if you're going to be able to get to the
end of the video but I'll put it for you I
know that I appear in your dreams whatever your
Instagram account is called I admire you with your
normal account you hate me But you're a
fan you hate me But you're a fano she
moves like flan you're not G she's Tac they
weren't big esac they weren't I had no
idea who this girl was apparently her
name is And then Imagine what you're going to
put Cay to sing on a
stage with this well I don't see it I don't
see it the
truth but Marí Bautista today 2014 or
so the
[Music]
attempts anyway I think Juan He's
laughing a little inside and he's
saying this no you this
no let's see I just just came out a
this  for telesalseo But well I'm going to I'm
going to see it here because
Trium just uploaded it and I don't know what it
is, I mean I'm going to see it here with you
because we're not in a hurry today but this
What is it says
exclusive Daniel Sancho married and
sunk Welcome to a new video today
we're going to start or we're going to talk about what
would be the purchases that Daniel makes
and where he makes them when and where he leaves
the objects what we would call
premeditation what you are going to see are
pages of the summary are photocopies of
real photos although I appreciated them with low
quality you have to understand that in the
trial the originals are shown and they
are also video recordings and they have
much more than you are going to be able to
appreciate now the first thing I
want to say is that we skip the whole
first part in which Daniel arrives on
the island reserves in the piman and we start
from the moment in which he already has the
Bugin Villa hotel on August 1st
well here you have the reservation how he takes the
hotel on August 1st and reserves it until
the 4th let's see what he does
by security cameras and
official documents, that is to say that they are produced
by the Thai eh What does he do when he already
has the Bugin Villa hotel on
August 1st and at what time does he start doing
according to What things well We can observe
that on August 1st around
4:51 in the afternoon There is a camera that
records it which is the
Big C supermarket camera the
exterior camera on the same day August 1st the
already interior camera we can see that
Daniel enters the interior of said
supermarket there you have the time
4:51 in the afternoon and the time difference
that said camera records inside the
supermarket on August 1st at
5:02 in the afternoon we can see Daniel
paying for several items and well and that he
puts them inside a bag or
a black backpack more or less is what
comes to count in that camera not the
camera below August 1st at
5:04 Daniel Leaves what would be the
Big C after having paid for the
items and heads towards the
parking lot where he has his
motorcycle here we can see the
items that the Big C buys are
18 by 30 garbage bags garbage bag
of  26 by 34 an axe or kiwi Which I suppose
will be the brand poly Bright rubber gloves
and m10p gloves how expensive kid we're
going to see this
in the video that I'm going to release okay I don't
want to give away anything from the video okay
but the first day the case of the
tourists okay they call it there in
Thailand in this case this we are
talking about the 1st of August okay the
1st of August we are not talking about the
31st which is when he arrives okay but the
1st of August the 1st of
August Daniel is
married shopping in this supermarket the
Big c okay
eh I even did it around here Well
there are cameras that record him arriving to
see this camera at
4:17 it is going
to the bugin Villa if I'm not mistaken this is
that I'm organizing it okay and I will give it
shape in the video that I will make for the
main channel okay but Daniel is caught I
mean in this case in this case there is
absolutely nothing to discuss nothing to
find out I imagine that the
trial issue is Well basically because they
need okay here is the reservation this one
that trium just showed too and  that
camera that he's talking about when he comes out here he's
coming in here he's coming in to buy
these things and here when he comes out okay
in fact the investigation starts with
these
the investigation starts because they tell him
when they find the remains in the
landfill Well there are some garbage bags
that are only sold in that supermarket
So they ask him for the cameras these
that you are seeing to the supermarket
and the surroundings and they see Who is the one who has
bought well those products that
match what is there the containers
and so on that are empty not in that garbage
from the landfill that is also with the
remains of ewin not with some remains with
the first ones that appear
and from there well come to this
Spanish guy okay they see the motorcycle and through
the motorcycle well they go to the motorcycle shop
and they identify him okay because when
you rent a motorcycle well you are
identified no obviously and he is
caught imo or in other words he is caught imo
caught himo Okay he leaves on the
31st he doesn't do anything on the 31st he arrives rests
and a little more okay but on the 1st he goes and
buys reserves that second Hotel El
bugay Villas  okay and then on the second day which
is the day he picks up Edwin while he
's talking to him on the phone he
also goes to another hardware store to continue
buying more things that maybe he
left pending or didn't or didn't see
enough with this
purchase he's caught imo and then he picks it
up instead of taking it to the hotel
where they had the reservation he takes it to the
bugin P That is to say he buys two different types of
gloves he also buys
Fil 30 by 60 paper steel wool sponge
to scrub a double pack of
30m and knot bags after making said
purchase as we can see in the following
camera the 506 he takes his moped or his
motorcycle and already travels or starts and leaves
the establishment in the camera
below the same day 1 at 5:25 there you
have the phases of the cameras
okay you can see it is picked up by a
camera that is in the wains
Villa and you can see how he arrives at the hotel with his
motorcycle and uh he accesses the interior of
said enclosure the same day August 1
at 5:33 in the afternoon  now let's
see something super curious let's see Daniel has
been buying at the bce the
items that we mentioned earlier
and he has arrived at Bugs Villa once he
gets to the bungalow he drops his things he drops them we
assume because he spends some time in the
room he drops the purchase that he
made at the bicc and then he does a
very curious thing instead of getting on
the motorcycle and going to the other hotel towards
the panan Look what he does is captured
by a camera that is in a
store called Cristian day it is
located on the beach and you can see how
Daniel accesses the beach and spends a while
uh in the area of ​​​​course We have to keep
in mind that this is on day one at
5:30 in the afternoon before
Edwin Arrieta arrives a day before almost and he goes to
the beach where the kayak store is it was
said that Daniel Sancho the
kayak issue had been improvised because
he could not know that such a
thing was there and that he does it when he already sees that he has
ended Edwin's life well this
seems to fall apart if we look at that
the day before putting Edwin in the  according to
a gallop had already been to the beach and there
was
leonia it is leaked we have a lot of
documentation we have almost everything
there is I would say everything but it is tremendous
eh I had not realized this
kid the land because I saw it
even the
shut up host The strange thing is that he did not leave it
rented here at this moment you can
see what happens from
5:33 to 5:51 but not only that
because he goes to pick up his moped
almost at 6 in the afternoon so he
has
almost half an hour in which he is in charge of inspecting the entire beach area and where he can also see the hours at which it closes c How much they cost etcetera etcetera and all this he does after having left the purchase of knives and cleaning products at the Bugs Villa is around
6:05 once
Villa the camera of the same hotel Well, it
offers us an image of Daniel leaving
said establishment and
heading towards the piman which is the one we
know that he stayed and slept the night
of August 1st to 2nd [ __ ]  in gasoline
no what I know eh August 2nd would be
tendo throwing well you know Daniel gets
up and the next camera
shows him entering at 12:30 in the
afternoon
in a store called eh lim ping pong or
something like that this is a this is another
second purchase that he makes while what I have
told you while he is waiting for
ewin to arrive on the ferry or rather he is
even talking to him eh On his cell phone
eh we can see how he enters we can see
below in the next camera the 12:31
as he walks through what is from the
establishment and picks up a
butcher saw a cutting board and a
knife now Anyway you are going to
see the purchase receipt in which you can
see the items that he also acquires
in this establishment here you are
seeing it at 12:45 paying at the checkout you know
that this guy what he did not expect is
that he was so so so located and so so
so recorded eh And as I have told you well he
carries a butcher saw a
board and a knife he finishes the purchase at
12:45 we can continue seeing that at
12:46 he leaves the establishment and
heads towards the motorcycle and at 1:12 he takes
the motorcycle and returns to the Villa bugin
we understand that to leave the axe the
board and logically the knife that he
bought a moment ago remember that it
is the 2nd and it is the same day that he has to
go pick up Edwin Arrieta here we have
two curious images at
1:59 he leaves the Villa bungs again we
suppose that after having left the
axe the board and the knife and heads
towards the dock where he has to
pick up awi or in other words he has woken up And
instead of going to pick up Edwin at the dock he
stopped to buy the knives I have to
see where that is I have to see
where that is let's see because I saw this bigi
but
this one Where is it we said that this one was called com lim Ping pong they look like pinon link [Music] pi p lm pipón it's not a hardware store exactly it's like let's see I'm going to look for it map I see a place specialized in
food I see a
place I see a place  specialized in
food let's see it
's near the port I mean look at what he
does
eh the lm pipón
this is near the
port okay And it's
a store that according to what I'm seeing in the photographs well it's a store specialized in food and he buys this I don't know if it's this place eh lim pipón I mean it's a place that is close to the one in the mountains of the port And
instead of going directly to pick up
Ewin he goes to Bugin Vilas drops everything
and goes to pick it up which is like well And
why haven't you bought it with him on the
way he has to go pick up Edwin
Arrieta here we have two
curious images at 1:59
he leaves Bung Villa again
we assume that after having left the
axe the board and the knife and heads
towards the dock where he has to
pick up Edwin between these two images
the one above and the one below because below he
already has Edwin is when
those messages that were leaked on
television occur they are basically messages of I
'm waiting for you here well in the one
below on August 2nd we continue at 3:16
we can see how he is already on the motorcycle
Well what it says there isn't very high
quality but he's on the motorcycle with Netwin
Arrieta riding on the back at
3:20 he continues recording the
security cameras he passes by a camera from a
center called Golden metaport and there he
is also recorded with Edwin Arrieta
riding on the back at 3:20 he
passes in front of another camera also from
another center or an air
conditioning store and he is also recorded
heading towards Bugay Villa with Ewi Arrieta
riding on the
back he is recorded again at
3:21 these cameras are filtered with
quality eh these cameras are filtered
with quality Let's see wait
this we're talking about day
2s if I'm not mistaken they would
be
dan dan se
encuent and then further down at 3:31
as he passes by another camera also with
Edwin Arrieta riding
the one hanging on his back logically in
this image with such poor quality well the
backpack you're going to be able to appreciate in
the next one we can
see or it says that he's arriving at the
hotel area of ​​​​la aranta the
restaurant where Daniel is going to  have breakfast
that morning at
750 neg but go out a
lot is assaulted a
lot camera of the Hotel ad
anara okay where are
we going he already has his things he carries them in a
large backpack and like and then
the reception is registered when he is already
leaving the keys at
101 Daniel gets on his motorcycle
and as you can see that here it is seen
that way but well this photo has been
published by many color media
Daniel already has his things he carries them in
a large blue Nike backpack
also the image itself tells you This
is translated into Thai and it tells you
friend is this photograph is this
this photograph is this one that
they zoom in The fact is that when I saw
the fence I said host yes this fence But
well look here he is already
with his things no this is day 3 at 10 there it is finished okay Daniel already has his things he carries them in a large blue Nike backpack also the image itself tells you This is translated into Thai and it tells you he is without a shirt in
blue and white striped shorts and this is very
important he is carrying a blue
black Nike messenger bag it is that bag
big one that leads in the back where he carries his
belongings that he has collected from the pan
biman which was his room on
August 3 at
10:55 he is recorded again So
what he is carrying is, in other words, this is what
the pan
biman is coming out. I have seen this photo when we have
seen it so much in the media we have always
thought that this is where Win's remains went. No no no no
here it goes here go his belongings
that he is checking out and he is already
going to the other one to the bugin his
room on August 3 at
10:55 he is recorded again by a
security camera arriving
back at the Bugin Villa hotel and he is still
shirtless in shorts and with the
Nike bag on his shoulder, remember that detail, he
arrives at the Bugin Villa and once he
arrives at the Bugin Villa and after having
left his backpack inside the apartment
at 11:1 he goes out again to the
room he goes out again to the
parking lot and heads towards the
beach well as you have been able to observe
here you can already see graphically
how Daniel had his room which was
the piman and in the Bugin Villa on day 1 he
leaves some material  which is a few
knives and cleaning products and on
day two before Edwin arrives he
returns to that place and leaves the
saw etcetera etcetera In addition
we observe how on day 3 he goes to the
panviman and picks up as we had said in the
previous chapter or in the
previous video his things that are in a
large Nike backpack that he carries on the motorcycle
and takes it This time yes to the bugin
Villa I want you to see one thing and This is
going to be on the one hand the registry inside
the piman in which it says it was found that
the room in which
Mr. Daniel had stayed was reserved
through booking by Mr. ewin Arrieta,
Colombian national, dated
July 27, 2023, that is the day that Edwin
reserves that room with details of the
accommodation reservation for three nights
from July 31 to August 3, 2023,
number of guests two people Spanish
speakers total price 2500 W using
email and I have
omitted this I do not want you to understand that what this
means is that well
Edwin stayed for 3 days and the one who stayed Well it
was Daniel no and then you have uh the
police photograph when he arrived at the
hotel and it is confirmed that Daniel
entered to stay at the panan in
room
6404 on July 3, 2023 at
2:00 p.m. sorry, on the 3rd, not the 31st,
I put it wrong, I ate
a number on July 31, 2023 at
2:00 p.m. and that he left said
hotel on August 3, 2023 at 99:57 a.m.
as we have seen in the
camera recordings well I think this already leaves
no doubt or let's say that
uh corroborates that premeditation, that of
having a room in which there were only
knives And you close for me yes the
truth is that for me it is uh clear let's
see we already had this information in
reality from here for me the new thing has
been the issue of turning around on
the beach or maybe there are things that we did not
know Yes  more or less yes we were
talking about it the other day no
e but the thing about him taking a little walk
along the beach where he dumped where he got
rid of the
prisoners after shopping So he's
not only buying the
knife he's buying
the knives he has the
room ready where he's going to kill him and he
took a little walk along the
beach to check out the place where he's
going to dump the body nothing
this case is very clear and has little to do with true
crime I mean this is basically the
trial okay and give him the opportunity to
defend himself in case he has something to
contribute But this is tremendous I mean
here what is he going to defend what is he going to
defend [ __ ] but he's caught dissimo
eh There's still more
things missing Okay, exactly for
exactly for telesalseo that also I hadn't
given myself
[Music]
time Well then shokas has given
his followers a scolding because they are
poor and he is rich okay And he has taught
his hater a lesson and he has told them
why  He's rich and they
're poor okay So let's see
let's see what happened to Chokas And
why did he get mad today
that Shokas gets really angry eh I was
with Omar Montes guys yesterday the day before yesterday before
Anayesterday we are Tuesday Monday Sunday the day before
yesterday and Omar Montes is a really great guy really, he
really suited me
I always defend him here
live because he really suited me dude I
think he's a very very noble guy a very
nice guy he's a good artist dude makes really
catchy songs really cool I really like him I
really hope
he does well Omar Montes has
built a character that seems stupid
but I don't think so at all It's not that it's not that
he seems stupid it's just that he plays around a
lot nobody who's
stupid does so well on the internet the
internet is a place where people
feel really good feeling superior
to others what happens to me a lot is that
people try to feel superior to me
everyone is smarter than me
everyone knows more about everything  that I'm
true I'm rich and they're doing
terrible in their [ __ ] lives There must be a reason But
everyone is taller than me more
handsome than me People say that even I
lie about my height that I make up that I'm
1.83 when no that I'm 1.78
because in a photo I look shorter Yeah man I
make up everything about my life Yeah yes
but I earn 100,000 bucks a month and you
earn 1500 and you barely live But
because you're a very good guy and you deserve
a Nobel Peace Prize like eh How's it going
100,000 bucks a month is good right
to support yourself my daughter Javi showed it to me today
Thanks for bringing up the subject because I don't
know if Chosas is losing his temper a bit or
what By Natalia but if
this but if this is always like this I mean
we already see it like just seeing it don't
come Why is he angry Ho the
shocka But we've been carrying this we've
been reporting it for years not the
behavior This but let's see there are people
that rewards and applauds
this well as he is saying he is
rich he earns 100000 a month why Because
people love to go on live streams
and see that this man is
insulting you he brags about the money he earns I
don't really understand I mean I've
always had the feeling I've even
had afternoons Maybe I've
exploded no and I've insulted someone
in the chat or I've said some nonsense
some barbarity And then I say Hey [ __ ] what a
click I left there no what a
merotec that I left there because I've
always thought that those kinds of things
make you lose audience no I mean
imagine if I told you guys here
that I earn 50,000 bucks a month okay And
you 800 [ __ ] failures give me
members No what would you do You wouldn't give me
members you wouldn't give me super chat you would
probably go no But how has this guy
found the audience that rewards
that With all due respect in the world eh I
have nothing against him or anything like that
But it is true that
I am surprised damn it has  done very well
Obama Obama was given a Nobel Peace Prize
after bombing half of the Middle
East, the Middle East and after having
thrown out 3 million immigrants they
gave him the Nobel Peace Prize you want to
take it too no you what you
want is to be ridiculous as you are in
your daily life that is what you want to be
and what you aspire to and what you are and if
trying to feel superior to others is
only a
lie that you tell yourself
to try to convince yourself that you do not
deserve what happens to you but you do
deserve it anyone who has a
bad time in life in many cases in
most cases they
deserve it there are many people who do not
unfortunately there are diseases that are super
cruel and super unfair and there are times when
life is unfair but
most of the time it is fair most
of the time it is fair especially
in the first world in the third world
okay I accept your comment but in the
first world you are very wrong come on
most of the people who are
screwed is because they are sons of [ __ ]
come on no  let there be no doubt about it
because if your modus operandi is to have
nothing and dedicate yourself to living a
frustrated life trying to belittle the
work of others or the success of
others in order to feel better about
yourself Then you have nothing and you are worthless Well this, this
here if I agree with you
okay people would be glad that
you didn't have anything I mean when things are going well for you
there are a lot of people who don't just
envy you in a healthy way or are inspired by you to see
if they can do the same as you no no they wouldn't be
glad that you didn't have it And if they
can trip you up they will And
if they could take it away they would take it away
That is the point of this conversation that I
think you missed again
I was pointing at the moon and you were
looking at the finger because as soon as you bring up
the subject of money everyone
loses it And you are very wrong everything
that I am telling you is precisely what I
am telling you and you are not
understanding that there are people who have
tiny brains Well well I am
very sorry that I am not sorry for
you I would be lying to you if you  you said that I would
lie to you I'm not sorry for you guys
you screw yourselves for being [ __ ] people who don't have
money who aren't successful and who
are trying to make it through
work
utmost respect on my part but all
those who aren't successful those who don't
have money those who aren't doing well and they
dedicate themselves to trying to belittle the
work of others or trying yeah like how
you settle this is very like uh I
mean because you like you settle with
a normal job not having studies if you do
n't aspire you know you're always like
criticizing I remember that there were a
lot of people well not many actually a
lot but there were some uh who
maybe criticized me for
dedicating myself to you know not friends as such
but maybe acquaintances not that who
criticized me But how are you going to do what you
do on YouTube how embarrassing and you
record yourself and start talking in front of the
camera about something And why are you doing that
how embarrassing you're [ __ ] up Well there
weren't people very few the truth is they
were few but there were some you know and
now what I
do for a living, [ __ ] the rest of you  you
deserve everything bad that
happens to you and you know the typical thing that says No I only
hate like a good guy I know if it
bothers you then don't do it yourself No if you don't
like it then don't do it yourself no but it's that on
top of that in a time when I
did it because I liked it eh No no, it's not for
the money that hate such a thing you don't have to hate
lie I hate a lot of people there are a lot of
people who
deserve to do bad a lot a lot a lot a lot on the internet there are a lot of people who deserve to do
bad who deserve to earn little money they
deserve it they say they don't want to
feel more than a lie [ __ ] them Of
course yes the majority the majority
most of the people who do
badly and who behave badly
with others are people who live
frustrated and who deserve to do
badly let's stop saying I've had
several eh I've had several people
who have been bad to me eh And maybe they
are people
that I have helped and I have given them a lot and
without me having to say anything
or get into it many times  or anything
time you know it is that but in the end I do
n't believe in karma and stuff like that I mean I
think they are consequences of the things
you do and that's it you
would be a man this you already had your
balls man most of the people
are sons of [ __ ] [ __ ] you you you what
world do you live in dude What world do you really
live in this world of Yupi of happiness
that everyone is super cool
where did you come from friend they are the
biggest lie co algra that they have
ever told me dude give names you say you
ask me to say names as if I
were talking about streamers I'm not
talking about streamers you piece of clown
You think that you think I'm
talking about ibay or deo Juan I'm
talking about real life that Take your
dick out of your ass dude and start
living real life dude Go to a
flower shop Go to a workshop or go to
a hair salon dude get a little out of this
Yupi world of the internet
I'm not talking about any streamer
I get eaten by [ __ ] streamers what
will the world have to see  but if he
just literally said that on the
internet there are a lot of
people, I understand that he's been
sleeping with various streamers, eh. But anyway, he's backed off, he's
picked up a
little bit of cable, I'm not looking around
here, I'm looking around here to see if I can figure out
how long We've been here a couple
of hours no no I can't figure out I
wanted to show you guys something
but I can't figure out well
whatever well
whatever Another day it
will be streaming with the world of
real life, dude you live in the Matrix friend what the
[ __ ] are you saying [ __ ] streamers,
what do I care about [ __ ]
streamers dude I don't know you guys think I really wasn't going to be a streamer, I think so I think so Well
let's see what
Abi said, I don't know if directly from Cares as
such or from the time when she was
with Cares bro you have a lot of haters what the [ __ ]
yes it's true that
lately we've
noticed moments In some moments okay
we've noticed a
certain maturity
lately I dare to say that or I
still do
n't dare to say that or not yet
But yes, a bit
of a change of attitude more  I'm right when it comes
to talking about topics I don't know, let's see
where it doesn't come out, go on, have you
seen another warning, no no, I don't want to
get involved in that thing, don't send me
any of those clips, you bastards, I
'm complete, another warning, let's see, it was about
Rebor, not
you, another Javi. But if he called you cosor, Ah, that
's true, but that was a long time ago, no, that was a long time ago. No, yes, it was
recently that he
messed with me, the account that I
made, since I go to the [ __ ] another warning,
no no. This is about Rebor, this about Rebor,
threatening me, I don't want to get involved, see,
but well, she doesn't call me a scavenger anymore and
those things, not that [ __ ] thing. No, she
already called me a scavenger, [ __ ], man.
At least
it's calmed down a bit, don't send me any of those clips, you bastards, I'm completely out of that, bro, don't send me anything, no no no no no no no no not me not me no no I'm not going to Pin [ __ ], not me, not me. I entered the world of fandoms because I
was with Carlos, but it's not that I  I would like to
enter even if they want to do it me me me and we and you and me and me and
you hand in hand far far far away right now we
talk LoL we
talk eh [ __ ] and dicks and we talk
party
Ah you know
we talk distance I would even tell you
Then don't pass me [ __ ] that I
don't want to know anything at all far from the
fake guys another thing is that
someone goes and you t an outrage like the
other day of prostitution or what
was the other thing about
the anti she is still the same little brat
Only she thinks a little more about opening
the golden little mouth she has Yeah
actually I think that the move here let's
see what I said before The truth is that it did
n't make much sense either I said it
a little ironically and a little not
and the live yesterday I deleted it Yanni
because I started with the subject and I was with
the attacks of everything and I said look I'm going I'll
delete it and tomorrow we'll work well
mm she is careful not to be a liar but if it is
that she herself said it if it is that she
herself said it yes yes yes it is that she herself
said it that she tries to avoid the liars
tries to avoid giving her opinion on  topics to not
appear in click of tikt and others if I
say it is that well the comment
we discuss it a little and that's it then the
[ __ ] comments of the videos where
I appear are vomitous [ __ ] like
uploaded two the triple Ju
puta listen to Abi saying Go next
This is already
lost listen to Abi saying Go next
This is already lost is like listening to
any bronze propo player I'm
sorry being I try to watch
some of your videos but you are unwatchable courage
AB trying to get attention and to pay attention to her
at any cost
what is if this girl is too red flag
and on top of that you see her giving
Morales speeches on Twitter I can't
stand them but I'll try to keep watching I
crack up with your reactions to her
comments of 30 of iq
Ah I have to see Send goot But I
prefer to commit suicide than to hear a
word from Abi it makes me very I find
this comment very funny because they
put that nobody stops your dreams
champion the sooner the better I mean I don't
know if this is more barbarity or The
answer is a [ __ ] barbarity it is
barbarity after barbarity after barbarity
barbarity on top of that they defend you that
defends me who the one below bro I do
n't want them to defend me by saying that
people commit suicide I mean it seems like an
outrage to me the two of you know what there are three
women for deos that I can't
stand watching these videos for her I leave you my like
because that's being serious but she makes me can't
stand her what a lying voice I pee
you are heo this is a thing that this is
a problem that many streamers have
eh I mean it's you that I start reading
not the comments on my videos that in
the comments on my videos
sometimes I have taken a look or at least maybe
I'm entering the studio
and maybe the most outstanding ones come out
or whatever no Or I have taken a look
sometimes it's okay but I mean imagine me
seeing the comments on my
videos I don't know how many I upload on tes salseo I don't
know how many I upload on la piruleta I don't know
how much I upload here in la
salsería at most
Maybe the main ones I do more I have taken a
look and then in the rest of the channels well it
depends on how I catch it  or if I'm in
the bathroom or whatever
okay
imagine looking at the comments
on a
video of a channel where I've appeared
okay I mean because these are the
comments of a video Why Because she
has collaborated with a youtuber and she
is
watching on a channel of 34000 no that
subscribers let's see who
liked it or see what people thought of the
youtuber with whom she has collaborated I
mean look at how far you have
self-esteem no and and what affects you what
others say about you to me is that I don't
give a damn about me that I'm at
a point where I think they could
say almost
anything about me that if it were it's that it wouldn't irritate me I mean I
really think that if I see
something worth suing for I sue Pablo take
boom well like well like starting to
answer on
Twitter no Lady it depends because on
Twitter for example on Twitter when
I
get in when I'm on Twitter Not my
typical Twitter browsing or well
being in the bathroom or well eh what can I tell you
or in bed before  go to sleep or
when I'm waking up maybe or
when I'm eating I don't know whatever I
'm watching Twitter no I'm
browsing here on it for you okay And maybe
Here I give a like to bofe
look at what photos what photos no this little video
I see it I don't know what I don't know how much no and
then well a lot of times of course There are
accounts that are dedicated 100% to jabi
oliveira so A lot of times
something comes up and I respond to some [ __ ] but
like because it's pathetic and for saying dude you
're really dumb it's that you're really dumb
Look where it was because you're
telling me because I've ever answered
No what it
was not long ago no well to
my followers and maybe I'll put something on it I put
a heart
okay But how to respond on
Twitter this guy or I mean this one is that he's an
idiot It's that I laugh my ass off when
something comes up dude I mean look I thought there was
nothing more invalid than
nauter flay okay well then there's this this is
another one but this one is terrible who will it be dude I
mean why the [ __ ] don't you get with your
real account with the  identity that you
have with the identity that you have no
and period No and Put what you have to
say because you're an idiot Well that's
why no and Every time I got a t
from this idiot I say let's see what it is
what bothers him now let's see
what it is because it is an account that was
created separately for Javi Oliveira
No and now he
puts Javi Oliveira's predictions about
the return of Sálvame with time or
the viewers will go up or they will go down Javi You
don't speculate on the stock market my weapon Let's see
let's see the click and it will have
tens of thousands of viewers every
afternoon, look, my prediction is that
at least the first programs will
be between 50,000 and 100,000, it could be
s, they will say it later, after a
while, it depends on how they project the
program and all this, the interaction and
how they do it will decline more or they will be
able to maintain it or even exceed it at some
point, well, I have my doubts about that,
no, I mean, those numbers are the ones that I see as
realistic but what I don't know is  are
eh at first I mean I don't know if they're going to be
at first with the expectation and then go
down Or on the contrary that they go first
weaker and then go up when
people start finding out and
discovering it and doing it It's that
then also what I was thinking
is that in the end Eh This This program
this production in the end is put on by the
television factory and and they need to
see as soon as possible that economically
the project can be maintained
if it wasn't even a prediction
and and it has gone I mean it swallows absolutely
100% any live show right now being
here is worth it And it has gone to see what it can
get to take the final
blow or rather bad but bad bad bad I mean it wasn't
even a
prediction what I said I said that it is the
same as I said in the videos
no what I said is
Eh Well I think it's going to be a figure that
these people are going to be handling figures
of tens of thousands of viewers and
there speaking FJ has given his prediction and
I have said Well I don't know I have my
doubts as to whether it's going to take off and maybe it's going to have a
big boom in the expectation and
then it will calm down Or on the contrary
when they start maybe not
so many people here on YouTube will
know them, their audience will not know how to
get into YouTube and as they
consolidate they will grow and And what is so
annoying about that Well then that
please I'm going to put something no And
then of course my answer is a
complete factor I put it because I know
that he gets it and that's it and I laugh at him
okay regarding save me on YouTube as I
said in that video I have my doubts
about whether they will be a hit or not regarding the Channel that
you are not going to miss a single
program you have no doubts I mean if it
's just I laugh at him okay I laugh at
him eh I laugh at him and that's it But there are
several accounts like this no and on some
occasions Well just to laugh it's to
treat him like a little creature is how you have to
treat him
It's true that it was Dallas with Germán
man I was going to watch it yesterday actually
today I was going to record the news man but
I didn't have time because it was
super late so I don't know if it's  around
here places but if you're around here, leave the
news that we don't
cover,
okay? Leave the news that we don't
cover
for the news, okay? And tomorrow
fill it out, okay, fill it out. And tomorrow at
noon, yes, I record, not from the salsería, because we have
abandoned the
salsería news and we'll see what's up with
Dallas. Dallas announces powerful video
about youtuber. Oh, but he didn't say
who. Oh, he didn't say the name and why
is everyone on Twitter saying it's about
Germán, I mean, I've seen a lot
of people on Twitter like that, forget about
Germán, he doesn't even run into you, poror,
ask for it. I'm telling you it's coming strong and be
prepared for a few days of really strong hate,
prepared, I'm just telling you, get
ready, it's going to be strong. I really think
this thing about people, support, and
saying, Oh, I'm following you, I'm unfollowing you, that's
the story for me. It always seems like a
lot to have already reached the
subscribers than to have reached within
YouTube. Because well, at the end of the day on
YouTube, nobody sees who you follow.
Unless you have an audience, no, but it's something like
the subscriptions are closed,
so this is where  he follows me more
Maybe because I feel like his friends won't
judge him I think on other
social networks they don't follow me that much because the
follows are public if you
follow me on Twitter anyone can see
that you follow me on Twitter if you follow me on
Instagram anyone can see that you
follow me on Instagram so I get the
point but of course I don't know if he's
referring to streamers not influencers no
Yes I think there may be many
influencers Maybe
not that they follow you on YouTube but they don't
follow you on Instagram there are many of me there
are many influencers that maybe
suddenly talk to me and I say [ __ ] but I know
that this guy sees me no eh and it turns out I do
n't follow you I see the videos that I watch the
gossip and the son of a [ __ ] doesn't follow me on
Instagram or Twitter or
anywhere the last thing I imagined was a
message from this person and normally what I
do is not even answer because I don't
want to talk to anyone no but but it's
like Yes of course so that publicly
people don't know What type of content you watch
not like here YouTube they follow me more
I think That's why they're not going to
judge them by watching  that someone is
subscribed to me and I have this thing about
subscribers, people who get angry
and apply the unsubscribe punishment,
I know that I've been with this for so many, many years
and it's like they're trying to blackmail you
with that like if you're going to speak badly
about this I'll unfollow you and it's like I'm not
going to leave things as they are Yeah and
then in reality if they're going to see the
videos that you upload, I mean, but that happens to me a
lot,
eh That happens to me a lot in Well, but
that happens in all areas, eh Not
only with the kids, it's
happened to me too, eh If you speak badly about
this I'll leave, but it's not that anymore, but
live shows, man, it's something that really pisses me off, you
can't imagine how
before, a while ago, look because I
was waiting for the Exactly who I was
recording, but moderators, I didn't hold back, as
soon as you see an example like the one I'm
going to mention, kick him out on the [ __ ]
street, okay, I mean, but
ban him
[Music]
eh, I was in front of me recording the extract
of Daniel
Sancho man this is the topic that's hitting hard and it's going to last, it only has 10 days left okay And we're making the best content the best coverage on the topic it's occurred to me that Trium uploaded a video now While I'm here live and I feel like it
and I'm going to say it here eh Because
here I don't care about talking like this I feel like
recording an excerpt
for telesalseo I
feel like
recording it But why can't I,
I, in my live broadcast record an
excerpt Even if I go to the other
channel Hey but it's an
excerpt that maybe I'm going to upload
on tesal seo and maybe it's going to get
100,000 views I'm going to gain
100 why can't I dedicate 15 minutes
to recording that
excerpt that I'm here live I won't have
time to record a clip for
tesa al seo for tomorrow I'm here all
[ __ ] day we don't have any other topic
either the truth is today that is eh the I
mean if we were here we had
a topic that was the best
the topics here today are being
very banal I'm spending time here
many times eh In order not to
abandon the channel but the truth is
today's topics are weak the Salcedo
youtuber has been going for a while now that if it's
not Dallas who suddenly takes off and decides to
mess with someone or me
moving the viper because I took out this of
this took This of the other the gossip doesn't
move but what are you
telling me you don't talk about this talk about that
man But well what are you
only interested in topics of little kids about if
Sprint tells the other I don't know what man
Here we talk about everything that comes up
no Here we talk about everything Well then
telling me about what I have what I
have or rather no this no that that
there I yes now I want to
sit here and record an excerpt from Belén
Esteban I
record it and the idiots are there no but
people who are not even members who are
surely people who are
passing by I'm not going to leave I said it well I'm not going to
stop talking about things  as they
are I'm not going to stop expressing the things
that seem fair and correct to me and I don't care about
the people who are dedicated to using
the punishment subscription and all this
nonsense because it's like before
above all I prefer to stay with
literally zero zero followers than to
do something with what I think is
an [ __ ] and also another
surprise video is coming from a character that
every time I talk about him I get a lot of
hate but I'm going to do it
anyway I'm going to do it anyway
because you're really going to freak out about what I
found out and it reveals once
again that I was right it
's really always the same all the time Oh
dasas he already apologized
Poor German
German [ __ ] German You're really going to freak out I
tell you You're
really going to freak out freak out a lot a lot eh a lot You're going to freak
out with the gods that are coming guys they're going
to be very very very strong but very very very
strong Eh I'm not going to tell you about
who's coming but I'm telling you that they're going to
burn a lot and there are going to be a lot of
these clowns trying  fully defend
this dirty character but what I have
is eh more than evident and it's one more I
told you again In Your Face again
because it is literally explicit I mean it's
mind-blowing that video is going to hit hard eh it's going to
hit hard and yes it's going to be the same as
always I'm going to get a lot of heo
people saying oh I was pambisito the same
old classic eh but these are things that I'm
going to do I'm not going to stop doing them and
and I'm really telling you You're going to freak out You're going to freak out
and it's going to be one
more I told you again
they called me crazy again the
same thing again and I'm telling you it's going to get a lot a lot a
lot of hate but a lot of hate eh it's going to
get me but I'm going to do it
Anyways I'm telling you that it's coming strong and
prepared for a few days or it's
German or it's
German it could be the Demented one it could be the
Demented one that the Demented one has
been in Boca de la gente lately we haven't
spoken I've been here for several days a
some videos because the Demented one
uploaded the Demented one uploaded like a video the Demented one
2024 the
end we didn't see it, it lasts 50 minutes but I don't know if it talks about something controversial, no, but this wasn't the one I was going to watch two or three times for putting up a video that they made about him, they've been making several videos about him last
week and I've been here two or three times but
in the end we got involved with
something else or just the topic that
I had with my throat and stunned, I think it was
this one, I think it was this one I was going to watch
but what am I telling you, I mean, the Madman
Well, look at the Madman He
apologized and there are people who might
justify it in He apologized maybe
not but I think it's because of
Germán I think it's because of
Germán he has everything he has all the tip
predictions These are predictions
Wilson My poor little churra I can
send you two memes that I made about you Send it
come on tag me on Twitter and we'll
see it right now already run eh
run he made a bite that he was leaving to
promote his animated series
that it's going to be an animated series to the
Madman in that video He also criticized
Wire and that  he found out things he can't
say yes but
let's go to me the one that suits me the most is
German a a m I didn't like German I didn't
like him one bit eh germn managed everything
from last year eh eh
the truth is that it was very
disappointing I thought he was a good
guy the truth But he handled it in a
pathetic cystic way Let's see
how things are that he
put me here luare
compilation of yad de
hacendado compilation of yados de
hacendado I'm laughing a lot with that
eh I'm laughing a lot with the
yado de hacendado guy
whatever it turns out it's this guy there's
a guy look at him guy be it me I wouldn't know whether to
say it if it's really yados de
asendado or a Borja Escalona I
mean what the
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] man when I get
these cli Twitter I'm
cracking up I mean it's a guy who wants to
follow in llados' footsteps okay like
even imitating the same personality
eh words not the same type of
vocabulary language and so on I
don't know what he tells me I do it I do
n't doubt no juo no  but Ah, I mean, he's a
student of jados, he's a student of jados and
he creates his own
course, literally a sexa,
dude, literally behavior, that eh
shitty quality, the message that it sends is
from a person. But it exists or it doesn't exist,
dude, you have to pay attention,
fat sudam, if it exists or it doesn't exist, if it's
true or if it's a lie. Look at the
encrypted message that that [ __ ] phrase has
because when you have it in front of you and you
recognize it, then what is hidden, I
mean, you recognize it, you have the faith, you have the
certainty. But it hasn't
materialized yet, so with time it
materializes, then what was, what
was
hidden, manifests itself if you have it in
front of you, the leak, law of
visualization, law of I don't know how much, law of I
don't know, law of ta ta ta, bro, everything, everything
comes from here, absolutely
everything needs a girlfriend, eh, needs a
relative to center their heads,
eh. You'll wonder, what is a bald guy doing with
this glass? Well, that's the name of the
broken glass event. And if you want your
sales to also undergo a transformation
as shocking as this one, come to the
next event, the nu, and on March 10,
something unusual, never seen there before.  I
see you are a marketing genius
broken glasses I imagine it will be some kind
of allusion No no no no drinking alcohol
or something like that no where do you want to go
you have reasons you have goals
you have look look how the yados guy gets
like the
yados starts talking to the
students there on a video call no and
yelling at them and all that stuff that
objective do you want to go high or do you want to go
medium you can't fail a
[ __ ] D in a hotel room Look it
reminds me of me doing live when
I'm on vacation no of vi host the
same thing happens to him but then there are the
paparatti No me I have discovered a method I have discovered I don't
know discovered you haven't
discovered anything you have
invented but what makes the
difference what makes the
difference take it do it apply it
internalize it and be perseverant have
patience and keep putting in the work
until you are a [ __ ] machine at
it but you can't fail dude you have to
end up burned out like that [ __ ] you have to
end up giving 100% 200 your 300 and whatever it
takes Okay when you  you operate with that
intensity I disinherit him eh I I
disinherit him and block him from social media eh
literally and he doesn't come to any
more communion of any of his cousins ​​eh I
mean I don't take him anywhere eh
things like this happen in life
Look what a [ __ ] wonderful devil
incredible decision I did
n't think twice here done grab
it I didn't think twice about
grabbing them I didn't think twice about
clenching my fist to the maximum when you
operate at your 100% without fear
waiting for love fascinating things happen
And today has been an
incredible day Also my birthday I'm going to
remember my whole life before I celebrated it by
taking a couple of shots snorting a
couple of lines and today I
celebrate it now I can
see snorting some cares
the trick for you to make 4000
a week someone of you who would like to
make 4000 a week eh Yeah well
very simple to make 4000 a week Look
at you V for each sale a movie you go
to that
module you study the  40 hours Point
by point step by step and you listen to it
like it's your [ __ ] Bible for two
months there's no more mystery, I mean you have
40 hours of real live calls
V ani a kiss but these people
when they do these courses that are supposed to
give advice it's not to make a fortune and
make you a millionaire What is the profession
that they teach you that is something that
really I mean in all the videos that I see
from the side and these things I'm not interested in
knowing no I mean they are courses that motivate you
to be the best to earn a lot of money
to not conform with your body okay
But what is it What is the profession I mean
What are the steps they give you Well
look register on this page dedicate yourself
to selling this now Go sell this put out
your resume What is the what is the
profession What is the serious job the
job that they are going to teach you not to
have income Which
is all the colors of all the
Flavors and all the tits and all
the bras I mean I mean there is
no mystery It's simply
take copy paste you know control  c
control V you know then of course You have to
get to study
anar and from here to do it finish
actions or rather this magic is not I
mean he doesn't speak well
dude why do I only do this
Remember these phrases what a
beautiful chain of deo no wide door Flat
roads narrow doors
narrow road the maschas and the flocks are
always going to make Okay not an
easy
dish only those gladiators who
are willing to eat the table at the
end of
it will have the reward for will have the
reward passed through narrow feralities and
you have pursued narrow roads remember
easy roads there are no results
difficult roads you have just to
eat because there is no God to
cross it Let's go family make yourself uncomfortable
constantly effect
Gen
fear fear that the that is that you understand
that we have to review objections we have to review
otions bro I mean we have to break
fear already already already belief I mean it's not that
you have realized that any
objection that is put to me I come out with everything is that that is what
you have to learn but
you have to learn look at the
fear but look at you how sad man what
we are seeing and that there are kids  that
capable and they follow this guy in a non-
ironic way, come on, yado, it already surprises me,
no, but it's that this is like
the parody of jados, sea, he tells me that in the
end this one that we're watching It's a
parody To laugh at what yados does, I
believe it would make more sense, okay, but it
's that there are kids who start
following him in a non-ironic way
[Music]
and the modulation of the
voice we have to do
what we have to do also to
practice what we have to do to
practice, for example, they are
asking that guy to be like that
guy, what am I saying, apart from
this, it's that no, apart from this, it's that
this seems like something so simple but
the problem is, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's not It's that
at all
times you yourselves understand,
I every day I have a
session of P and only of of of this of of
co of sales coaching of such
because my mind works the same as
yours Let's see, you think, already, eh, of
course, here the thing is, here the
thing is,
what the hell is it that they
teach him  I mean, we've seen the
course of the cat's video and no, she has
uh she has infiltrated not inside the sexa's,
this one is not Carla
Nicolás Carla's name is Carla Nicolasa
we have to see her video no but of course
really What is the clear what is it that they
teach you you go to the course okay And what are you
going to dedicate yourself to carpenter plumber the
best businessman they are going to teach you how to
set up companies I know what they are
going to entrepreneurize you what is
Claudia Claudia going to teach you
right Hey you know the best about cars
and absolutely
everything the kids
eh look at you the kids man
how things have to go for you in life so
that a
kid or I mean how things have to go for you in
life so that you're freaking out paying
this guy so that he can
tell you that one day you can be
like
him being
[Music]
buddy eh you'll take it
don't look at them you
look at them my colleagues who don't know how to leave
the lmo to my colleagues Ted eh the lmo
too  you will take it
Not yet
Herman so that you
see the importance of surrounding yourself
with an environment that only wants to add,
that only wants to progress, that
only wants to advance, that constantly seeks
transcendence, that is dedicated to
others, that you do not have a single
purpose, that is obligatory but to
contribute, to inspire, to be an example.
Here comes a guy who about two
weeks ago, a week before coming, was
a person who smoked pot, who smoked, who
had no reasons, who was bored
because that is what a vice is, I have been
with us for a week, a week that he has
not smoked, obviously here you
imagine this, you know, full of
20th century gladiator, you know, a cigarette comes here
and imagine no, and what, he
takes them to live inside the house, I mean, he
has a house and he puts them in everything there,
the importance is not bored Okay
then Jos man guys, take away their
vices for real, that does not take them at
all, one thinks that one is
eating it like that, pum pum, but then it comes
back down and you hit that blow
guys, don't do it, really, try to
surround yourself with the best
possible people so they can support each other and from
one on up we don't smoke anymore no more
have a routine now you don't get bored I'm not
bored No no let's turn on the
TV another day we turn it on today just
for the music just
imagine
bro Good [ __ ] well thank goodness they don't
smoke well no yesterday one goes and tells me bu it's that
you have trained you are
training with yaad he says you have paid
it you have paid
1000 1000 what I donated yesterday to the
center 1000 what I have spent 3 days
being here in
calpe I say I have invested more than 17500
in my
training
17500 he says but it has amortized it I say no
dig this that you see here you know this that you see
here a chrom I do
n't [ __ ] in the [ __ ] better what am I going to do
one on myself to continue growing to
continue
improving bro we will see each other there
by
eviza my god
17500 bucks man with what it costs to
earn it
man  17000 bucks man for calling us whatever the
[ __ ] you want you can
call us ehis call us you
can call us unique you can call us
special But you know what at 5
special tomorrow complying awake
following a routine raising the energy
and now what with some excuse with some
excuse go to bed there at 10 at 11
at whatever time no no no no no here
the word is fulfilled and fulfilled look
here thea
is host look at you the
neighbors having these people next door
screaming at 5 in the morning
[Music]
God don't come let's have a couple of listen to me
listen to me because later after the
but if I follow me let's
go
[Music]
the best group of your life eh
is
[Music]
that and badly written I say but you
want me to teach you how to sell or that you ñ
esbir write badly
but there are all those people
listening to this
man's talk I mean there are all these people
there waiting for what
this one has to say
[Applause]
Man, if a person didn't know about
sales or didn't know what they were doing,
this type of training would be in danger
and people would still be coming in even
for 5000 euros. Believe me, I'm not.
I'm telling you, if you don't know something you
're talking about, people won't pay you.
If they pay you for something, it must be for something. No,
now I don't want to know why
that something. The
truth is, he had faith in humanity, as
Henry Ford said. And the hardest job
of being human is thinking and it's
easier like an irascible animal to attack. Oh, I'm doing a
negative comment, a
negative comment, a negative comment. But it's very
difficult for me to think, saying, okay,
perfect, great, what is
this guy telling me, what is
this guy teaching me, what is
this guy transmitting to me with his
own
personification? I mean, I hate to think about
different things, saying, oh, oh, no, it's not that I don't
want to tell you, he's transmitting to me,
eh, uh, I'm going to sleep because life
is like a DIY project, a
DIY project, as
Napoleon Hill said, consists of the fact that as
you are  doing the
prototyping Okay Tomorrow the drill bit will go
in this way and the
other part of the furniture will splinter and then you
'll have to put the Chair on the screw
And then you'll say I curse God because
instead of putty I should have put
a splinter, damn Well instead of a
splinter I should have put a
door Well instead of a door, a door, a door
Ah [ __ ] what Teo is doing, [ __ ]
the mble and get another one, I
mean, he had a DIY project
this is the same Don't
think it makes sense to you if I happened to
think when I started on my first
e Oh And how about look at me I didn't give a damn
I would get here I would grab the gpt chat The
prompters pam pam pam pam they would give me
four gones and I would grab p I would read it and
say Okay now I'm saying this like a
jerk
to come on next to next And look
now everything has changed and it's going to keep
changing and you have people I mean, what
freaks me out is what  It's amazing that there are
people signing up for these things in a
non-ironic way. I mean, how? Of course
because I would
love to see one that
wasn't crazy, you know, like, Well,
look, you pay for this but such. But
this is what they teach you. This is the
routine, the first month, this, the first month, the
other thing, but of
course. Well, we'll
see.
People, 4 in the morning. Today there won't be any
complaints.
No, tomorrow we'll try. Let's see,
things are really slow. I'll also tell you,
eh, the cloister is with some issues. Ugh, it's
costing, eh, it's costing, guys, eh, I
send you a big kiss. I'm going to
bed, I'm going to eat something and I'm going to bed.
eh. Thank you very much for the little while.
See you tomorrow, okay, a kiss,
handsome.